alright so right now the most important things to work on are probably these
- save system
	- ((09/16) 5/7 days) both getting a save system working and in a way that i can save multiple
	projects
		- this will include a ui where you can select the project to be loaded
		- this means i have to be able to set project name, a project preview,
		
	- (2 days) adding audio and audio playback
	- (4 days) adding dancer labels
problem is
i do not want to work on any of these things
im pretty sure i have a general idea of how to do each of these things and my mind
just feels like they're tedious or the challenges involved in implementing these
don't feel interesting in a way that's motivating. i also just generally have chicken
scratch for code right now, so lowkey im just scared of adding more stuff and having
to deal with how hard it'll be to add features to my spaghetti code.

this is fine :)

but once i get those three items done, that should be the end of phase 1 and i
should be able to let people start using it. today is Tuesday 09/16. i 
want to get this done in 2 weeks at the end of september, but ideally id like to
but done in 1 week if possible.


okay what's wrong this time. up to now i have been using the timeline size to
equate to how long the timeline plays. but say that timeline on screen is 1000
pixels wide and we only want 10 seconds, or even like a standard 6 minutes (360s),
then, this would only cover a small portion of the screen.

right now i need some way to convert position to time. A lot of the data i have
now assumes that position is time. I can add a function that does the conversion
based off of the current scale



a timer that sends out time updates every time there's a tick. it can be
started and stopped. when the timeline is being dragged by the user, it
should pause. dragging the timeline will also set the current time of the timer.
what does the timeline need
- set its current time
- send signal when it starts and stops being dragged (to pause and unpause timer)

what does the timer need
- puase, play, stop, set
- signal or group whenever its time is changed
	- but if timeline is listening to when the timer value changes, scrolling
	on the timeline will cause a feedback loop. the immediate solution is for
	the timeline to stop listening to the timer when its being dragged


need to reimpliment timeline to actually show dance formations
right now the prototype version looks for a TestDroppable
change this to look for a dance formation preview
make dance formation buttons give a dance formation preview

Dance formation
can display on screen
can be selected with button
can be placed on timeline
can be edited
has an id to be referenced
has dancers

should i have some kind of singleton that holds all the of the formations and can be referenced using
id? 

formation emits a signal eveery time its changed, signal carries an array of positions
position array index correlates with dancer id
every formation dancers will have an id that's incremental
formation previews will be linked to this signal and update its preview whenever this signal is sent
	current_dancers = preview.get_children()
	for dancer_idx in range(formation_signal.size):
		if dancer_idx < current_dancers.size():
			current_dancers[dancer_idx].position = formation_signal[dancer_idx]
		else:
			var new_dancer.position = formation_signal[dancer_idx]

timeline will have timeline objects. timeline objects can be drag and dropped into the timeline.
formation_preview timeline object will inherit timeline object in order to emit the display formation signal

okay so what shouold i work on first? it feels like i should probably rework the formation scene so that it
can handle sending out the preview data signal. its get_preview func will also connect the preview to its
update signal before returning the preview
